[sentimental music playing]
[beeping]
[sighs] I know, bracelet.
I'm banned from doing tech.
I just like to look back sometimes and
remember what this garage was like
when it was full of amazing science.
[rumbling]
What in the name of the cosmos
is going on out here?
-[Tom] Check it out.
-Ohh!
I won a contest
where the prize is going to space
to write my name on the sun!
-[Ben gasps]
-[Tom] Goes to show,
if you mail in enough cereal box tops,
good things can happen.
Yeah, I won a yoyo that way once.
Welcome to the victory club, buddy!
-Ohh!
-Is this really something
a contest can give away?
The sun belongs to everybody.
Angela, don't get caught up
in the details.
What's important is... that is a spaceship
and I am going in it.
Tom, take me with you!
Please, please, please, please, please,
please, please, please !
[sighs] Here.
You can borrow my special new
-high-tech astronaut watch.
-Yeah!
Which I also won.
-Man, this is a good contest!
-Wow!
[Angela] Tom, be careful out there!
I'll be fine. It's only space.
[engines whoosh]
[screams]
[Tom] Woo-hoo!
[sighs] Well, he's having a nice Thursday.
-[beeping]
-[all gasp]
Why is my watch beeping?
Hello, Tom!
[all] The CEO?
Wait, you're not Tom.
Did I call the wrong watch?
No! I borrowed this from Tom
because he went to stupid space!
He did? He really fell for it?
Yes. Apparently he...
Wait. Fell for it?
What's going on?
Oh, not much.
Except I set up a fake contest
and tricked Tom into thinking he won it.
I just blasted my greatest enemy off this
planet forever! What a wonderful Thursday!
[evil laughter]
[cheering]
You bring my boyfriend back
right now, CEO!
Why would I do that?
With Tom gone, I'm finally free
to do whatever business I want.
I could make a mind-control TV.
Or make food only available
to people who work for me!
I should write this down.
I'm burning through ideas.
Grrr! He cannot get away with this!
We have to save Tom!
Right, and I know how to do it.
Mmm! I'll construct a satellite
to find Tom
and then connect it to a magnetic lasso.
Technology can...
-[zapping]
-Aaarrrgh!
[groans]
Oh, right. My anti-tech bracelet
is gonna be a problem here.
How did you not get rid of that thing
by now?
I tried! It can't be removed.
But if the bracelet won't let Ben
make the Tom-saving machine,
does that mean Tom...
-can't be saved?
-[Angela roars]
-You're just jewelry!
-[frantic beeping]
Jewelry is supposed to
make the world better!
-[zapping]
-[screams]
-[beeping laughter]
-What are you doing?
Too bad we can't make friends
with the bracelet.
Then it would understand how important
it was to save our other friend.
-[gasps]
-But you must've already tried that.
Sorry for bringing up an idea
you already tried, everybody.
Actually... we haven't tried that idea.
Hmm. Maybe instead of
fighting the bracelet,
we should become friends with it.
Let's do it. But we have to hurry.
Tom must be so scared right now.
Woo-hoo!
Yeah! [laughs]
-[camera shutter clicking]
-[laughter]
Oh, yeah.
This is profile pic material, for sure!
Woo! Working up a sweat.
Didn't know space was so warm.
Okay, bracelet, let's get friendly.
First thing to know
about being a friend is,
friends play games together.
I'm gonna kick this ball
-and you try to block it.
-[beeping]
-Ready?
Ow!
[all] Aww!
That's not very friendly!
[beeping laughter]
When I think of friends,
I think of makeovers.
Bracelet, get ready
for a friendship makeover.
Oh, that's...
Mmm. And that is... Okay, and try this.
Perfect. And... ta-da!
-[all] Wow!
-[angry beeping]
Argh! What?
-Huh?
-Ooh!
D'oh!
For me, the best part of friendship
is just being silly together.
And there's no better place to do that
than a photo booth.
-[laughter]
-[shutter clicking]
[squelching]
-[groaning]
-[bracelet chuckles]
This is ridiculous!
There must be something...
Yeeow!
I don't know if I even wanna be friends
with that thing. That bracelet is a bully.
Well, we have to do something!
My astronaut watch says Tom is getting
further and further in space. Look!
[excited beeping]
[whistling]
[whistles]
Wait a minute.
I don't speak evil technology,
but I know what that sound means.
Ben's bracelet has a crush
on Ginger's watch!
[shrieking] What? Ah, come on!
-Listen up, boys.
-Aww!
I have a plan.
-[shutter clicks]
-Look at all this space stuff.
Oh, I gotta send these pictures to Angela.
She'll be so jealous.
Uh... Where is the "Call Earth" button?
-Ah-ha!
-[dull thud]
-Huh?
-[dull thuds]
Oh!
Wait, wait.. Wh-- What is going on?
Strange, right? [laughs evilly]
CEO? What are you doing here?
I already told your friends,
but I like saying it, so...
-You didn't win a contest!
-What?
You got tricked by me.
Now you have to live in space! [cackles]
You took advantage of my trust
of free things that come in the mail?
That's low, even for you!
Maybe, but it all worked out perfectly.
Except you gave away your fancy watch,
so I had to come out here
and mark you in person.
Still, that's not going to
mess up my plan.
Yeah, well, that's what you think!
I'm coming over there
to take over your ship.
[cackles]
Oh, my, that didn't help you at all.
You just pointed yourself
directly at the sun. [cackles]
[Tom] Oh, no!
-[romantic music playing]
-[flirtatious beeping]
I really don't like this, guys.
Quiet, Ginger. This isn't about you.
It's about your watch.
Are they hitting it off?
Whaddya think, Angela?
I'm not sure, but it's time to find out.
-Ginger!
-Huh!
I had a lot of fun
being friends with you.
But I have to go home now
so I can move to another country.
Nice knowing you.
Ginger! Surely we'll see you again?
Nope. This is the last time
you'll ever see me, or any of my things.
Like my bike, or my helmet,
or my cool astronaut watch.
[mournful beeping]
I know, bracelet, it's sad.
Move on. You and the watch
are from two different worlds.
He's right.
The only way you could be with that watch
was if you got off my wrist.
So what can you do?
[rapid beeping]
-Aw!
-Eugh!
Goodbye, friend.
[stutters]
That thing can...
talk?
Yeah, we did it. Now get inventing.
Go, go, go!
QWERTY, U, I, O, P, left bracket,
right bracket...
We're backslash, baby!
-Oh...
-Okay, Tom.
It's been nice knowing you, but this is
as close to the sun as I'm willing to get.
I'm sweating through my suit.
[sighs deeply]
I'm sorry, Angela.
I always knew I'd go out like this.
[ragged breath]
[clang]
Hey, Tom!
Ben, is that you?
We thought you could use some help.
What's going on? It's not fair!
Noooooooo!
[grunting with effort]
Keep cranking! We've got him!
[Angela yells]
Wait! What happened?
Did we lose him?
Argh!
No!
Tom?
-[panting]
-Tom!
Oh, it's so good to see you again!
It's good to see you too.
But I don't get it.
Who built this machine?
I know it couldn't have been Ben.
It sure could have been. And it was!
All it took was my amazing science genius
and a bit of friendship.
-[Tom] Nice! No bracelet.
-[all talking at once]
[beeping]